Make project descriptions pop more (#266)
platformsh/template-builder: templates/lisp/files/README.md

</a>
</p>

> This template provides the most basic configuration for running a Lisp Huchentoot web server for Platform.sh.  It can be used to build a very rudimentary application but is intended primarily as a documentation reference.  You are free to al

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template provides the most basic configuration for running a Lisp Huchentoot web server for Platform.sh.  It can be used to build a very rudimentary application but is intended primarily as a documentation reference.  It is meant to be a starting point and can be modified to fit your own needs.
```
